{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww20120\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Acemoglu, Daron, & James A. Robinson. 2001. \'93Inefficient Redistribution.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  95(3): 649\'9661.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2006a. \'93Economic Backwardness in Political Perspective.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  100(1): 115\'9631.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2006b. 
\f1\i Economic Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy
\f0\i0 . Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. \
Alesina, Alberto, & Howard Rosenthal. 1989. \'93Partisan Cycles in Congressional Elections and the Macroeconomy.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  83(2): 373\'9698.\
Bartels, Larry M. 2008. 
\f1\i Unequal Democracy: The Political Economy of the New Gilded Age
\f0\i0 . Princeton: Princeton University Press.\
Basu, Deepankar, & Debarshi Das. 2018. \'93Profitability in India\'92s Organized Manufacturing Sector: The Role of Technology, Distribution and Demand.\'94 
\f1\i Cambridge Journal of Economics
\f0\i0  42(1): 137\'9653.\
Beck, Nathaniel. 2001. \'93TIME-SERIES CROSS-SECTION DATA: What Have We Learned in the Past Few Years?\'94 
\f1\i Annual Review of Political Science
\f0\i0  4(1): 271\'9693.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2007. \'93From Statistical Nuisances to Serious Modeling: Changing How We Think about the Analysis of Time-Series\'97Cross-Section Data.\'94 
\f1\i Political Analysis
\f0\i0  15(2): 97\'96100.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2011. \'93Of Fixed-Effects and Time-Invariant Variables.\'94 
\f1\i Political Analysis
\f0\i0  19(2): 119\'9622.\
Beck, Nathaniel, & Jonathan N. Katz. 1995. \'93What to Do (and Not to Do) with Time-Series Cross-Section Data.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  89(3): 634\'9647.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2007. \'93Random Coefficient Models for Time-Series\'97Cross-Section Data: Monte Carlo Experiments.\'94 
\f1\i Political Analysis
\f0\i0  15(2): 182\'9695.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2011. \'93Modeling Dynamics in Time-Series\'96Cross-Section Political Economy Data.\'94 
\f1\i Annual Review of Political Science
\f0\i0  14(1): 331\'9652.\
Beck, Nathaniel L., Jonathan N. Katz, & Umberto G. Mignozzetti. 2014. \'93Of Nickell Bias and Its Cures: Comment on Gaibulloev, Sandler, and Sul.\'94 
\f1\i Political Analysis
\f0\i0  22(2): 274\'9678.\
Bell, Andrew, & Kelvyn Jones. 2015. \'93Explaining Fixed Effects: Random Effects Modeling of Time-Series Cross-Sectional and Panel Data*.\'94 
\f1\i Political Science Research and Methods
\f0\i0  3(1): 133\'9653.\
Beramendi, Pablo, & David Rueda. 2007. \'93Social Democracy Constrained: Indirect Taxation in Industrialized Democracies.\'94 
\f1\i British Journal of Political Science
\f0\i0  37(4): 619\'9641.\
Blyth, Mark. 2013. 
\f1\i Austerity: The History of a Dangerous Idea
\f0\i0 . Oxford: Oxford University Press.\
Bonica, Adam. 2016. \'93Avenues of Influence: On the Political Expenditures of Corporations and Their Directors and Executives.\'94 
\f1\i Business and Politics
\f0\i0  18(4): 367\'9694.\
Brown, Richard S. 2016. \'93How Do Firms Compete in the Non-Market? The Process of Political Capability Building.\'94 
\f1\i Business and Politics
\f0\i0  18(3): 263\'9695.\
Busemeyer, Marius R., & Julian L. Garritzmann. 2019. \'93Compensation or Social Investment? Revisiting the Link between Globalisation and Popular Demand for the Welfare State.\'94 
\f1\i Journal of Social Policy
\f0\i0  48(3): 427\'9648.\
Busemeyer, Marius R., & Torben Iversen. 2020. \'93The Welfare State with Private Alternatives: The Transformation of Popular Support for Social Insurance.\'94 
\f1\i The Journal of Politics
\f0\i0  82(2): 671\'9686.\
Causa, Orsetta, & Mikkel Hermansen. 2017. \'93Income Redistribution through Taxes and Transfers across OECD Countries.\'94 
\f1\i OECD Economics Department Working Paper
\f0\i0  (No. 1453). Paris: OECD Publishing.\
Chesnais, Francois. 2016. 
\f1\i Finance Capital Today: Corporations and Banks in the Lasting Global Slump
\f0\i0 . Leiden: Brill.\
Dum\'e9nil, G\'e9rard, & Dominique L\'e9vy. 2013. 
\f1\i The Crisis of Neoliberalism
\f0\i0 . Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2018. 
\f1\i Managerial Capitalism: Ownership, Management and the Coming New Mode of Production
\f0\i0 . London: Pluto Press.\
Ellis, Christopher, & Christopher Faricy. 2014. \'93Public Attitudes toward Social Spending in the United States: The Differences between Direct Spending and Tax Expenditures.\'94 
\f1\i Political Behavior
\f0\i0  36(1): 53\'9676.\
Faricy, Christopher. 2015. 
\f1\i Welfare for the Wealthy: Parties, Social Spending, and Inequality in the United States
\f0\i0 . New York: Cambridge University Press.\
Fern\'e1ndez-Albertos, Jos\'e9. 2015. \'93The Politics of Central Bank Independence.\'94 
\f1\i Annual Review of Political Science
\f0\i0  18(1): 217\'9637.\
Gilens, Martin. 2012. 
\f1\i Affluence and Influence: Economic Inequality and Political Power in America
\f0\i0 . Princeton: Princeton University Press.\
Golden, Miriam, & Brian Min. 2013. \'93Distributive Politics around the World.\'94 
\f1\i Annual Review of Political Science
\f0\i0  16(1): 73\'9699.\
Hacker, Jacob S. 2004. \'93Privatizing Risk without Privatizing the Welfare State: The Hidden Politics of Social Policy Retrenchment in the United States.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  98(2): 243\'9660.\
Hainmueller, Jens. 2012. \'93Entropy Balancing for Causal Effects: A Multivariate Reweighting Method to Produce Balanced Samples in Observational Studies.\'94 
\f1\i Political Analysis
\f0\i0  20(1): 25\'9646.\
Hall, Peter A., & Daniel W. Gingerich. 2009. \'93Varieties of Capitalism and Institutional Complementarities in the Political Economy: An Empirical Analysis.\'94 
\f1\i British Journal of Political Science
\f0\i0  39(3): 449\'9682.\
Harvey, David. 2011. 
\f1\i The Enigma of Capital: And the Crises of Capitalism
\f0\i0 . Oxford: Oxford University Press.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2015. 
\f1\i Seventeen Contradictions and the End of Capitalism
\f0\i0 . Oxford: Oxford University Press.\
Hicks, Alexander M., & Duane Swank. 1984. \'93On the Political Economy of Welfare Expansion: A Comparative Analysis of 18 Advanced Capitalist Democracies, 1960-1971.\'94 
\f1\i Comparative Political Studies
\f0\i0  17(1): 81\'96119.\
Klarman, Michael J. 2016. 
\f1\i The Framers\'92 Coup: The Making of the United States Constitution
\f0\i0 . New York: Oxford University Press.\
Kliman, A., & S. D. Williams. 2015. \'93Why \'91financialisation\'92 Hasn\'92t Depressed US Productive Investment.\'94 
\f1\i Cambridge Journal of Economics
\f0\i0  39(1): 67\'9692.\
Kliman, Andrew. 2012. 
\f1\i The Failure of Capitalist Production
\f0\i0 . London: Pluto Press.\
Korpi, Walter, & Joakim Palme. 2003. \'93New Politics and Class Politics in the Context of Austerity and Globalization: Welfare State Regress in 18 Countries, 1975-95.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  97(3): 425\'9646.\
Kotz, David M. 2009. \'93The Financial and Economic Crisis of 2008: A Systemic Crisis of Neoliberal Capitalism.\'94 
\f1\i Review of Radical Political Economics
\f0\i0  41(3): 305\'9617.\
Lapavitsas, Costas, ed. 2012. 
\f1\i Financialisation in Crisis
\f0\i0 . Leiden: Brill.\
Lupu, Noam, & Jonas Pontusson. 2011. \'93The Structure of Inequality and the Politics of Redistribution.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  105(2): 316\'9636.\
Martin, Cathie Jo, & Duane Swank. 2012. 
\f1\i The Political Construction of Business Interests: Coordination, Growth, and Equality
\f0\i0 . Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.\
McCarty, Nolan M., Keith T. Poole, & Howard Rosenthal. 2013. 
\f1\i Political Bubbles: Financial Crises and the Failure of American Democracy
\f0\i0 . Princeton: Princeton University Press.\
McCarty, Nolan, Keith T. Poole, & Howard Rosenthal. 2016. 
\f1\i Polarized America: The Dance of Ideology and Unequal Riches
\f0\i0 . Second edition. S.l.: MIT Press.\
Milanovi\uc0\u263 , Branko. 2016. 
\f1\i Global Inequality: A New Approach for the Age of Globalization
\f0\i0 . Cambridge, Massachusetts: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press.\
Mills, Terence C. 2021. 
\f1\i Modelling Trends and Cycles in Economic Time Series
\f0\i0 . Cham: Springer International Publishing.\
Moene, Karl Ove, & Michael Wallerstein. 2001. \'93Inequality, Social Insurance, and Redistribution.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  95(4): 16.\
Piketty, Thomas. 1995. \'93Social Mobility and Redistributive Politics*.\'94 
\f1\i The Quarterly Journal of Economics
\f0\i0  110(3): 551\'9684.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2017. 
\f1\i Capital in the Twenty-First Century
\f0\i0 . New Haven: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press.\
Piketty, Thomas, & Gabriel Zucman. 2014. \'93Capital Is Back: Wealth-Income Ratios in Rich Countries 1700\'962010 *.\'94 
\f1\i The Quarterly Journal of Economics
\f0\i0  129(3): 1255\'961310.\
Przeworski, Adam, & Michael Wallerstein. 1988. \'93Structural Dependence of the State on Capital.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  82(1): 11\'9629.\
Scruggs, Lyle. 2001. \'93The Politics of Growth Revisited.\'94 
\f1\i Journal of Politics
\f0\i0  63(1): 120\'9640.\
Shayo, Moses. 2009. \'93A Model of Social Identity with an Application to Political Economy: Nation, Class, and Redistribution.\'94 
\f1\i American Political Science Review
\f0\i0  103(2): 147\'9674.\
Stockhammer, Engelbert, & Rafael Wildauer. 2016. \'93Debt-Driven Growth? Wealth, Distribution and Demand in OECD Countries.\'94 
\f1\i Cambridge Journal of Economics
\f0\i0  40(6): 1609\'9634.\
Taber, Charles S., & Milton Lodge. 2006. \'93Motivated Skepticism in the Evaluation of Political Beliefs.\'94 
\f1\i American Journal of Political Science
\f0\i0  50(3): 755\'9669.\
Thelen, Kathleen. 2012. \'93Varieties of Capitalism: Trajectories of Liberalization and the New Politics of Social Solidarity.\'94 
\f1\i Annual Review of Political Science
\f0\i0  15(1): 137\'9659.\
Toussaint, Eric. 2019. 
\f1\i The Debt System: A History of Sovereign Debts and Their Repudiation
\f0\i0 . Chicago: Haymarket Books.\
Tsoulfidis, Lefteris, & Dimitris Paitaridis. 2019. \'93Capital Intensity, Unproductive Activities and the Great Recession in the US Economy.\'94 
\f1\i Cambridge Journal of Economics
\f0\i0  43(3): 623\'9647.\
Zucman, Gabriel. 2015. 
\f1\i The Hidden Wealth of Nations: The Scourge of Tax Havens
\f0\i0 . Chicago: University of Chicago Press.\
\'97\'97\'97. 2019. \'93Global Wealth Inequality.\'94 
\f1\i Annual Review of Economics
\f0\i0  11(1): 109\'9638.\
}